# CSC207 Project - Scenario Walk-Through:

The purpose of the skeleton program in Phase 0 is to demonstrate one of the core features of our program. Consider the following scenario: A user searches for a job jobListing. After finding some jobListings, the user saves this collection of job jobListings which will be automatically updated by the program.

For the skeleton program, com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.localcache.LocalCache initiates and loads job jobListings from the DemoListings by calling loadSavedListings(), which makes com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.localcache.LocalCache interact with com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.framework.fileio.FileIO and com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.dataprocessing.DataFormat to create com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.entities.listing.JobListingOld objects containing the job jobListing data as well as their corresponding UID. So, com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.framework.fileio.FileIO is responsible for reading JSON files that contain information regarding job jobListings. Then, com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.dataprocessing.DataFormat uses what com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.framework.fileio.FileIO returns (i.e. a string representation of the job jobListing data in JSON format) to create a com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.entities.listing.JobListingOld object, which is then stored on a HashMap containing all the job jobListings by the com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.localcache.LocalCache class. Then, the program asks the user to enter its name as well as what it wants to do, the user can type “help” to get the commands, “exit” to exit the program, “search” if the user has a search query, or “saved” if the user wants to access its viewed jobListings.  For the option “search”, the user will have to input search terms, location, date, and job type. With the given information, a com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.search.Search.SearchQuery object is generated and it is used by the com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.search.Search class. com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.search.Search class interacts with com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.localcache.LocalCache class and searches job jobListings, which match the user’s search query, within its loaded com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.entities.listing.JobListingOld objects. Then, relevant jobListings based on the user’s search key terms are printed and the user chooses a jobListing. Then, the user decides whether it wants to view the jobListing or not. If the job jobListing the user is currently viewing is not in its collection of viewed jobListings, then the user can choose to add the jobListing to its collection or not.  Any job jobListing that has been added by the user to its collection of viewed jobListings will update its information automatically. This is because while the user is either searching for job jobListings or accessing its viewed job jobListings, the com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.backgroundoperations.com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.backgroundoperations class uses another thread to update the user’s viewed jobListings information if needed and it accomplishes this by calling the method loadListingFromUID() which belongs to com.minortechnologies.workr_frontend.controllers.localcache.LocalCache class. That being said, if a job jobListing’s information is updated, then the user can call the program and type the “saved” command to access the job jobListing and see its updates. 
